[DOCS-8839] Add OP Q3 Live Capture doc (#25548)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/live_capture.md

---
title: Live Capture
disable_toc: false
further_reading:
- link: "/observability_pipelines/set_up_pipelines/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Set up pipelines"
---

{{< beta-callout url="" header="false" btn_hidden="true">}}
Live Capture is in Preview.
{{< /beta-callout >}}

## Overview

> Use Live Capture to see the data received from and sent out of each source or processor, specifically the following information:

Author: ```suggestion
Use Live Capture to view data received from and sent out of each source or processor. 
Specifically, the following information is shown:
```

- The timestamp of when the data was received
- The data received and sent
- Whether the data was:
    - Modified
    - Unmodified
    - Dropped
    - Reduced

## Capture events

1. Navigate to [Observability Pipelines][1].
1. Select your pipeline.
1. Click the cog for the source or processor that you want to capture events for.
1. Select **Capture and view events** in the side panel.
1. Click **Capture**.
1. Click **Confirm** to start capturing events.<br>**Note**: Capturing events usually takes up to 60 seconds. Captured data is visible to all users with view access, and is stored in the Datadog Platform for 72 hours.

> 1. After the capture is complete, click a specific capture event to see data that was received and the data that was sent out. You can also search for specific events in the search bar. Use the dropdown menu next to the search bar to show events based on status (`MODIFIED`, `UNMODIFIED`, `DROPPED`, and `REDUCED`).

Author: ```suggestion
1. After the capture is complete, click a specific capture event to see the data that was received and sent out. You can also search for specific events in the search bar. Use the dropdown menu next to the search bar to show events based on status (`MODIFIED`, `UNMODIFIED`, `DROPPED`, and `REDUCED`).
```
